README.md, before:

#Running

1. install simple built tool https://github.com/harrah/xsbt/wiki
2. sbt run

#DSL Weirdness

    get("/nouns")  { implicit ctx =>
        println(params)
    }


the "implicit ctx =>" syntax is a little weird also we are not giving the user access to thread locals to allow them to access request/session/params/etc easily outside of the current method. 

there is a trade off. thread locals means that it is harder to integrate other peoples libraries that use @suspendable because there is no way to ensure they clean up our thread locals when they 'shift' and restore our thread locals when they callback into us. 

but no thread locals can be pain. not sure what to do at the moment.

#Example

    /* Provides main method to run the server */
    object NounsServer extends HttpServer {
      override def handler = new NounsDSLHandler()
    }

    class NounsDSLHandler extends DSLHandler {
      val http:HttpClient = new HttpClient()
      val logger:Logger = LoggerFactory.getLogger(classOf[NounsDSLHandler]);

      get("/nouns") { implicit ctx =>
          <html>
            <head>
              <title>Nouns</title>
              {js}
            </head>
            <body>
              {form}
            </body>
          </html>
      }

 
      getAsync("/images/:term")  { implicit ctx =>
          val term = params("term")
          val json = http.json("http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/services/search/images?v=1.0&q=" + term)
          val imageUrl = json.string("responseData.results[0].url").get
          logger.info("Received imageUrl: {}", imageUrl)

          logger.info("Requesting image")
          val (imageBytes, _) = http.bytes(imageUrl)
          val bufferedImage = parseImage(imageBytes).get

          val bytes = processImage(bufferedImage, term)
         
          new ServerResponse(OK, bytes, "image/png")
      }

      ....
    }

#See Also
http://days2011.scala-lang.org/node/138/288

Commit message:

add non-blocking description to readme

README.md, after:

#Running

1. install simple built tool https://github.com/harrah/xsbt/wiki
2. sbt run

#Non-Blocking

Netty + Async Http Client (https://github.com/sonatype/async-http-client) are used to provide a scalable NIO server that can make 
http calls without blocking.

Use getAsync and make sure the return type of the block has the attribute @suspendable. If you make a call through the included
http library then the block will become @suspendable. If you don't need to do any blocking calls then you can use a plain
get.

#DSL Weirdness

    get("/nouns")  { implicit ctx =>
        println(params)
    }


the "implicit ctx =>" syntax is a little weird also we are not giving the user access to thread locals to allow them to access request/session/params/etc easily outside of the current method. 

there is a trade off. thread locals means that it is harder to integrate other peoples libraries that use @suspendable because there is no way to ensure they clean up our thread locals when they 'shift' and restore our thread locals when they callback into us. 

but no thread locals can be pain. not sure what to do at the moment.

#Example

    /* Provides main method to run the server */
    object NounsServer extends HttpServer {
      override def handler = new NounsDSLHandler()
    }

    class NounsDSLHandler extends DSLHandler {
      val http:HttpClient = new HttpClient()
      val logger:Logger = LoggerFactory.getLogger(classOf[NounsDSLHandler]);

      get("/nouns") { implicit ctx =>
          <html>
            <head>
              <title>Nouns</title>
              {js}
            </head>
            <body>
              {form}
            </body>
          </html>
      }

 
      getAsync("/images/:term")  { implicit ctx =>
          val term = params("term")
          val json = http.json("http://ajax.googleapis.com/ajax/services/search/images?v=1.0&q=" + term)
          val imageUrl = json.string("responseData.results[0].url").get
          logger.info("Received imageUrl: {}", imageUrl)

          logger.info("Requesting image")
          val (imageBytes, _) = http.bytes(imageUrl)
          val bufferedImage = parseImage(imageBytes).get

          val bytes = processImage(bufferedImage, term)
         
          new ServerResponse(OK, bytes, "image/png")
      }

      ....
    }

#See Also
http://days2011.scala-lang.org/node/138/288
